README.md, before:

# Open Alpha Arena

<img width="3840" height="1498" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dac4b5d1-3da7-4b54-97e5-cef226d99547" />

<img width="2882" height="1792" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/66a5283b-3761-4992-82d1-8cd01f4d518d" />

This is a project inspired by [nof1 Alpha Arena](https://nof1.ai), you can setup AI trading bot on crypto market.

DONE:
- Paper Trading
- OpenAI compatible API
- LEVERAGE
- cctx quotes

TODO:
- real trading

## Star History

<a href="https://www.star-history.com/#etrobot/open-alpha-arena&type=date&legend=top-left">
 <picture>
   <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=etrobot/open-alpha-arena&type=date&theme=dark&legend=top-left" />
   <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=etrobot/open-alpha-arena&type=date&legend=top-left" />
   <img alt="Star History Chart" src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=etrobot/open-alpha-arena&type=date&legend=top-left" />
 </picture>
</a>

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ and pnpm
- Python 3.10+ and uv

### Install
```bash
# install JS deps and sync Python env
pnpm run install:all
```

### Development
By default, the workspace scripts launch:
- Backend on port 5611
- Frontend on port 5621

Start both dev servers:
```bash
pnpm run dev
```
Open:
- Frontend: http://localhost:5621
- Backend WS: ws://localhost:5611/ws

Important: The frontend source is currently configured for port  5621. To use the workspace defaults (5611), update the following in frontend/app/main.tsx:
- WebSocket URL: ws://localhost:5611/ws
- API_BASE: http://127.0.0.1:5611

Alternatively, run the backend on  5621:
```bash
# from repo root
cd backend
uv sync
uv run uvicorn main:app --reload --port  5621 --host 0.0.0.0
```

### Build
```bash
# build frontend; backend has no dedicated build step
pnpm run build
```
Static assets for the frontend are produced by Vite. The backend is a standard FastAPI app that can be run with Uvicorn or any ASGI server.



## License
MIT

Commit message:

Revise ccxt quotes and TODO section in README
Updated README to clarify ccxt usage and real trading implementation.

README.md, after:

# Open Alpha Arena

<img width="3840" height="1498" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dac4b5d1-3da7-4b54-97e5-cef226d99547" />

<img width="2882" height="1792" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/66a5283b-3761-4992-82d1-8cd01f4d518d" />

This is a project inspired by [nof1 Alpha Arena](https://nof1.ai), you can setup AI trading bot on crypto market.

DONE:
- Paper Trading
- OpenAI compatible API
- LEVERAGE
- ccxt for quotation

TODO:
- real trading (actually you can implement it with ccxt by the help of AI coding tools easily)

## Star History

<a href="https://www.star-history.com/#etrobot/open-alpha-arena&type=date&legend=top-left">
 <picture>
   <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=etrobot/open-alpha-arena&type=date&theme=dark&legend=top-left" />
   <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=etrobot/open-alpha-arena&type=date&legend=top-left" />
   <img alt="Star History Chart" src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=etrobot/open-alpha-arena&type=date&legend=top-left" />
 </picture>
</a>

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Node.js 18+ and pnpm
- Python 3.10+ and uv

### Install
```bash
# install JS deps and sync Python env
pnpm run install:all
```

### Development
By default, the workspace scripts launch:
- Backend on port 5611
- Frontend on port 5621

Start both dev servers:
```bash
pnpm run dev
```
Open:
- Frontend: http://localhost:5621
- Backend WS: ws://localhost:5611/ws

Important: The frontend source is currently configured for port  5621. To use the workspace defaults (5611), update the following in frontend/app/main.tsx:
- WebSocket URL: ws://localhost:5611/ws
- API_BASE: http://127.0.0.1:5611

Alternatively, run the backend on  5621:
```bash
# from repo root
cd backend
uv sync
uv run uvicorn main:app --reload --port  5621 --host 0.0.0.0
```

### Build
```bash
# build frontend; backend has no dedicated build step
pnpm run build
```
Static assets for the frontend are produced by Vite. The backend is a standard FastAPI app that can be run with Uvicorn or any ASGI server.



## License
MIT
